hey everybody thomas joseph here with
another kitchen conundrum well not
technically a kitchen conundrum but it
is something that everybody's looking
forward to this time of year and that is
gameday treats and today i'm gonna show
you one of the things that's really
close to me and that is buffalo chicken
wings because i am from Buffalo so I'm
gonna show you that buffalo chicken
wings are really easy to make at home
and you don't need to spend the money
going out and buying them for the game
day to start I had a large Dutch oven
here filled with about four inches of
neutral oil so that is like a safflower
oil a canola oil any vegetable oil
something that can go up to a high high
heat and to this pot I'm going to add a
wire rack now this is one of my favorite
tricks here whenever I'm deep-frying
putting a rack in the bottom of the pot
what that does is it helps to fry things
nice and evenly just use some tongs to
help yourself out there so what that
wire rack does is it helps to lift the
food off the bottom of the pan so you
get really nicely evenly cooked food
without any brown or burnt spots from
hitting the bottom I'm gonna use a deep
fat thermometer here this is a candy
thermometer and I need to heat the oil
up to about 400 degrees and now while
this oil comes up to heat I'm gonna show
you how to cut the wings into the
appropriate sized pieces this is what
you're gonna get at your supermarket
this is a chicken wing here and I'm
going to separate it into three parts
the first part here is the drumette
and all you have to do is look for the
joint of the chicken wing cut through
the skin bend it a little bit and it
should pop out the joint should pop out
right there and now you know where to
cut so this is the drumette
and so this portion believe it or not is
called the wing net you want to do the
same thing here where you you take the
wing tip which is this portion you break
the joint and then you should be able to
cut cleanly through we're not gonna fry
up this wing tip here place this in a
resealable plastic bag in your freezer
and you'll have this for whenever you
need to make chicken stock and here you
go your wing net so our oil is almost up
to temperature and
for the wings take a piece of paper
towel here and gently dab off any excess
moisture because if you have excess
moisture on your chicken wings once you
place them in the hot oil they're really
gonna spatter up so dry them off really
well you don't want your wings to be too
cold either so don't take these right
out of the refrigerator and plunge them
into the oil otherwise it will lower the
temperature of the oil dramatically and
your wings will take that much longer to
cook so the chicken wings are nice and
dry now you want to work in batches you
don't want to throw all of the wings in
at once because it will lower the
temperature of the oil and the grease
will absorb into the chicken wings and
that's not something you want so gently
place the wings into the pot and that
rack is really great because the wings
do sink down to the bottom they're not
gonna rest on the bottom of the pot
they're gonna be elevated up and I'm
using about 4 pounds of chicken wings
total try to fry your drum s in one
batch and your wing ATS
in another batch don't mix them up too
much because they do have slightly
different cooking times but in general
the wings will cook about 15 to 20
minutes in total so I'm on my last batch
of wings here and you want to make sure
that when you pull the wings out of the
oil you transfer them onto a wire rack
don't put them onto paper towel because
what that does is that direct contact
with a paper towel
it creates scheme and one side of your
wing will get soggy so use a wire rack
to drain them off and to cool them
slightly now while I'm working on my
last batch here I'm gonna start the
sauce and the sauce is the most
important thing for your wings all it
really is is two ingredients so I have
Franks red sauce here that is the real
secret ingredient so I have one cup I'm
gonna place it into the bottom of a
small saucepan here and I'm gonna bring
this up to heat just to a bare simmer
it's just up to a bare simmer you can
see some bubbles forming and now I'm
going to add the butter so I've one cup
of hot sauce and I'm going to add four
tablespoons of cold unsalted butter and
gradually add it in whisking until it
combines if you wanted a more mild wing
all you have to do is increase the
butter a little bit so doing a two to
one ratio hot sauce to butter will give
you a mild wing this is a
a four to one ratio the butter is nicely
incorporated into the hot sauce I'm
gonna turn the heat off and let this
cool down slightly before dressing the
wings this batch is finally done it's
been about 20 minutes right onto the
wire rack to drain so now the chicken
wings are gonna go right into a bowl
here to use a bowl that's wide enough
that you can actually toss the wings I'm
gonna do about half of the batch here
I'll add about half of the sauce around
the side of the bowl just swirl the
wings around if you're feeling a little
daring here you can gently toss the
wings up to coat them evenly so our
buffalo wings wouldn't be complete
without a little bit of blue cheese dip
and that basically is some Mayo a little
bit of sour cream some blue cheese of
course a little bit of lemon and salt
and pepper
it's the perfect accompaniment to these
spicy wings cuz it helps to cool them
off a little bit so there you have it
buffalo chicken wings my recipe to you
so if you have any kitchen conundrums
that you need solved write in the
comment section below or reach out to me
using the hashtag kitchen conundrums and
I will solve whatever kitchen problems
you may have enjoy
you